[CXX] BSON Binary Vector Subtype Support (#131)
mongodb/docs-cpp: source/whats-new.txt

* :ref:`Version 3.10 <version-3.10>`
* :ref:`Version 3.9 <version-3.9>`

.. _version-4.1:

What's New in 4.1
-----------------

The v4.1 driver release includes the following new features:

> - Adds support for BSON Binary Vector. 

Reviewer: S:
```suggestion
- Adds support for the BSON Binary Vector type. 
```

>   For more information, see the
>   :manual:`BSON Types </reference/bson-types/>` manual page, and a usage example
>   in the :github:`mongo-cxx-driver repository </mongodb/mongo-cxx-driver/blob/master/examples/bsoncxx/bson_binary_vector.cpp>`
>   on GitHub.

Reviewer: S: you can make this into a list for readability. I'd also link to the "Binary Data" section of that manual page:

```suggestion
  For more information, see the following resources:
  
    - :manual:`Binary Data BSON Types </reference/bson-types/#binary-data>` in the {+mdb-server+} manual
    - :github:`BSON Binary Vector </mongodb/mongo-cxx-driver/blob/master/examples/bsoncxx/bson_binary_vector.cpp>`
  usage example on GitHub.
```
